Enable Artifactory access via API key (#78)
voxpupuli/puppet-blacksmith: README.md

    # Rakefile
    require 'puppetlabs_spec_helper/rake_tasks'
    require 'puppet_blacksmith/rake_tasks'

Run rake. Ensure you are doing it in a clean working folder or the puppet module tool will package all the unnecessary files.

    $ rake module:push

#### Configuring to push a module to the Puppet Forge

Configure your credentials in `~/.puppetforge.yml`

    ---
    username: myuser
    password: mypassword

Or set the equivalent environment variables in your shell

    export BLACKSMITH_FORGE_USERNAME=myuser
    export BLACKSMITH_FORGE_PASSWORD=mypassword

#### Configuring to push a module to a JFrog Artifactory

Configure your credentials in `~/.puppetforge.yml` or within the project's root directory in `./puppetforge.yml`

    ---
    url: https://artifactory.example.com
    forge_type: artifactory
    username: myuser
    password: mypassword

Or set the equivalent environment variables in your shell

    export BLACKSMITH_FORGE_URL=https://artifactory.example.com
    export BLACKSMITH_FORGE_TYPE=artifactory
    export BLACKSMITH_FORGE_USERNAME=myuser
    export BLACKSMITH_FORGE_PASSWORD=mypassword

> Alternatively to username and password, artifactory allows to use a API Key obtained from its front-end. This can be set in the `puppetforge.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively to username and password, Artifactory supports using an API Key obtained from its front-end. This can be set in the `puppetforge.yml`
```

    ---
    url: https://artifactory.example.com
    forge_type: artifactory
    api_key: myAPIkey

> Or via environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or via an environment variable:
```

>     export BLACKSMITH_FORGE_API_KEY=https://artifactory.example.com

Reviewer: Did you intend this
```suggestion
    export BLACKSMITH_FORGE_API_KEY=myAPIkey
```
